Gender Analysis:

When creating the graphs related to gender for the month of June in 2018, 2019, and 2020, I noticed some unusual patterns. For both men and women, those born in 1990 were most apt to ride the Citi bikes. Although the age for both genders was similar, the amount of riders was not; there were 2.35 times as many male riders than there were female riders. Ridership for women has consistently been on the rise, however. Year over year we see consistent growth for female riders. That hasn't been the case for male riders. Male ridership grew in 2019, but fell in 2020. There could be many contributing factors to these findings. Those born in 1990 could be the ideal age for biking, or their generation could be more savvy to the bike share program. Male ridership could be higher due to a high sense of safety, or due to more males being in the area. It was unexpected for me to see female ridership grow in 2020, as I thought both gender's usage would be down due to Coronavirus. I believe we will see a rise in ridership in the future, as the Coronavirus peak in New York City distances. 



User Type Analysis:

When creating the graphs related to user type for the month of June in 2018, 2019, and 2020, I noticed some unusual patterns. For both subscribers and customers, those born in 1990 were most apt to ride the Citi bikes. Although the age for both user types was similar, the amount of riders was not; there were 7.24 times as many subscribers than there were customers. Ridership for customers has consistently been on the rise, however. Year over year we see consistent growth for customers. That hasn't been the case for subscribers. Subscribers grew in 2019, but fell in 2020. There could be many contributing factors to these findings. Those born in 1990 could be the ideal age for biking, or their generation could be more savvy to the bike share program. Subscribers could be higher due to cost effectiveness. If someone were to use this program often, it would make sense for them to be a subscriber. It was unexpected for me to see customers grow in 2020, as I thought both user type's usage would be down due to Coronavirus. I believe we will see a rise in ridership in the future, as the Coronavirus peak in New York City distances.  



Map Analysis:

When creating the map for the month of June in 2018, 2019, and 2020, I noticed some unusual patterns. The most populated areas seemed to be near the water or near Central Park. The ridership program was not evenly distributed between each borough, Manhattan had significantly more activity than any other. Over the past three years, the popular stations haven't significantly changed. There could be many contributing factors to these findings. The water creates popular stations because you could just be entering or leaving the borough. Central Park creates popular stations due to the open space and tourism. I was initially surprised to see a disparity in usage across the boroughs. Upon further evaluation, Manhattan does carry a large portion of tourism to the city. I believe this could be a contributing factor in this disparity. I was not entirely surprised to see that the popular stations did not have much change. It would make sense for the patterns of the city to continue.